# ryanwu1111.github.io
Ryan's 30 Minute Film Festival Reflection

Before (Research, Sketching, Preparation)
Before starting with this project, I decided to go for a more simple web design that unfortunately will not be as advanced looking or aesthetically pleasing, as not only was this my first time ever designing my own website but it was also my first time ever to use html, css, or javascript. Before starting to code the website, I set out to draw a few basic sketches through Adobe XD or a few scratch papers in my room to just help me get the feel of how I would want this website to look like. I also went online to search for random websites to help me understand the common color schemes, layouts, structure, etc. that web designers would implement in their websites these days. After gathering these information and drawing a few sketches by myself on paper, I managed to make a wireframe of my website through Adobe XD.

During (Struggles, Learning outcomes, etc.)
Now, the entire process of actually coding everything and designing everything and deciding how the entire website would function, look, and just present itself is an extremely tiresome and rigorous process for me personally as part of the main reason is probably because I spent the majority of the time just trying to fully understand how html, css, or javascript works in general. However, even though this is my first time ever learning these completely new coding languages, I at least managed to pull through with coming up with something that looks somewhat similar to my original wireframe design. Throughout the entire process of actually coding everything together, even though these are only the basic information that are taught in class about these coding languages, everything was completely new for me to learn and absorb. Or just not being able to understand why one thing is working for this particular element but it does not work for the others. For example, I am still not able to figure out why does only some of my elements like my web header or navigation headers are able to adjust itself according to the size of the webpage but the other similar elements do not do the same? Also, I really struggled with trying to implement some form of interactivity within my webpage, so I was only able to resort to a simple but incomplete product of a simple thumbs up and thumbs down activity for the audience to interact with. Even though I struggled with a lot of minor problems ranging from small issues like referencing the right files or putting them in the right folder to learning how to add some interactivity through javascript in like a day or two, I am still kind of glad that I managed to make something out of completely nothing.

After (Reflection)
After this first assignment, even though I clearly understand that my website is definitely not be the best that it can possibly be as compared to others, I am still kind of glad that I was able to pull through this entire process and come up with something that may not be perfect, but at least it's there.
